she's making a cup of tea who could you
tell five minutes ago welcome back
welcome to Ramsey in ten more
importantly going to say a vase actually
thank you
double in a staff again for an another
extraordinary week all the effort and
dedication is extraordinary and also an
extra special thank you to what his
legend he's become a legend over the
last three weeks captain Tom Moore days
away from celebrate your hundredth
birthday sir
you've raised over twenty three million
pounds the next time someone tells me
about running half a marathon an Iron
Man a North American if they turn around
and say to me I'm too old for that I'm
gonna reference you nearly a hundred
years old and you're up and down the
garden under times to raise money but
there's something special going on
because just goes to show how special
this country is and the size of the
heart where they donate in the way that
even the people I know you know that are
tight with their finance are still
donating so this donation is going to
you tonight to say a special thank you
and more importantly god bless sir now
actually check to see when my sous-chef
is he said to be turning up on time but
I think he's been distracted please
where is he he said he was gonna help me
out but that excuse me hey it's hello I
put the pin spoon
oh no green pepper pig
I'm not gonna tell you about the pigs we
have it from the back garden no oh okay
now what is oh hello what is that
kidding could be a bit more color on the
old beef there no okay now we have a new
director of photography that's right um
in fact she started for me at 12
we should put the braces on we know you
know as yourself right okay pan down
Timmy I'm not making okay pad dampen
down right meets a cow got mince meat
there with cheddar cheese some bacon
there okay liberty lettuce tomato and
egg egg is optional onion lettuce and
the buns so I said ten minutes okay and
a good little secret I froze those okay
little chilies anything that they were
on that freezer because you're greater
in to sort of make that sort of almost
as a bit more delicious this is
literally just playing minced beef right
Timmy are you ready yes
time goes now right first off ten
minutes now let's go gasps all okay I'm
using a grill pan okay but you can use a
frying pan so a grill pan get it on and
get it nice and hot now first off season
touch of salt touch of pepper now I'm
putting an egg in there okay stay with
you till Spinola I like the yolk okay
hold on it's my burger yolk okay in now
from there okay I want to just literally
and get actually okay I'm just great
now the secret behind this is just give
it a little bit of extra heat okay and
when you grate it like this it sort of
disintegrates of chili it's me now it's
me Oh beautiful little chili flakes in
there no come on now come there okay
it's a touch of seasoning now the best
thing to do your hands in there okay and
literally shake that okay now on the
floor now here's the secret we've got 10
minutes to make this burger okay and
I've got sort of 75 seconds gone if
you've got more time than I have tonight
they're made a little bit thicker if you
haven't then make them nice and thin so
take off a nice ball okay almost like a
sort of the size of a tennis ball and
then literally start shaping those
burgers like that now look get your
hands around and just literally place
that pan down pan down pan down big
genocide pen down so literally about I'd
say an inch in height okay and look what
the egg does that egg actually makes it
a little bit richer okay now from there
quick wash their hands pass it on
okay it makes it all I see them the
burger okay yeah yes and then on okay
now look at that
okay push it down we're gonna turn it
once okay I've seasoned the meat in
sighs okay again on top and down to
please on top there you go now turn up
the gas okay now I love onions I'm a
burger okay but what I don't know is the
war onion so get you onion
nice nice and thick okay down down
on the grill onions
wonderful okay okay the puns the puns
the puns
what are you excuse me the bug the gross
ones okay like wanton butter says we
live with more reaches so we're getting
toasted so it tastes that way to the
burger get the buns on and toast on puns
but look we're all the same pan here now
good news is we're not even halfway yet
we're gonna make this push that down
gently not too hard and let that once a
once only under I still cold there and
not get the kind of
from there now look at my buns look at
that beautiful that's a camera I'm Tilly
stop it right from there beautiful now
we can start to orchestrate this amazing
burger now now please calm down
Tony you fuzzum fuzzum please yeah
please right here we go now if you like
cheese on that burger here's a little
secret
get the cheese little square of cheese
on there okay put that on okay bring
that to the side and just to get that
cheese melting okay I take a little bit
of butter and I sort of create a little
bit of sort of extra flavor with a
butter underneath and that's gonna give
it so much flavor but look pan and put
the pan on and just stick that on top
there right now that'll help me out the
cheese time that leads to the other what
four minutes go see now without making a
better bacon okay
juicy color take that down there okay
but do me a favor to the pan I get that
bacon fat come down to you by dancing
baby fat inside cut up so you look at
those onions now come on filthy honestly
they're the cod only as you see on that
burger by now it's like putting the
pellets now before they come off a
little bit of seasoning okay and just
look now you can't smell this but the
color those onions is incredible I'm
telling you come on bring this to go
there caramelize young lady how many
times the top really differs between
caramelize and burns
honestly you should have on to
Specsavers right hand open and
caramelize onions they are delicious
seriously dishes off and drain okay off
and drain now pan up chills please shut
up
I'm worried yeah I think you're right
lift the lid off look if you haven't got
a pan put a bowl on top of that but look
at the cheese the cheese starts melting
look beautiful right again on there
right let's start process hand down
please
two years ago banks on their right less
is first that protects the burger please
okay let it now build it baby
beautifully okay I'm gonna salt on top
of that now from there would like some
onions on there okay
pan down please come down look at it
already
honestly it's like a vegetarian delight
come on how good was that blade for the
onions the difference between grilled
onions and raw onions you're the way
more grill than you will raw pepper
okay from there burners not quite ready
time okay now from there just literally
base that okay and just gently push down
gently gently not too much generation
the bacon okay we get extra crispy back
on and then from there I shall make it a
little touch thinner but look the way
that cheese is caramelized around that
burger now look like people before you
take that off yes from there you go on
with a little touch of salt on top of
their head right off
okay now but sort of a bit worn their
problem is now I can't turn that burger
because of away from camera eyes now you
can do this in a frying pan okay but
think of the way we simple it okay and
think about the sort of magic involved
but I turn that around there like that
it's just you're gonna burn yes
you can do it
[Applause]
hold on that burger man went wait wait
wait onions
wait wait wait oh sorry look it up oh oh
my goodness me the father gave the fools
I mean seriously okay what
ah I may not have done in 10 minutes
to be honest around is really donated to
an amazing course and I can't wait to
see your burger but we get to hashtag
make it and more importantly if is good
enough I'll share it if it's bad enough
hostel share it now on the boletus to
the name is next door
[Music]